Throughout this course,
I will periodically give definitions to terms I will be using to help with
the task of comprehending the contents of this course.
In some cases,
a term will have a different meaning depending upon the context it is used in,
so it's important that I communicate the context in which I am using it.
There's also the problem in which a term may be
frequently misused or ill defined,
so I want to explain how I'm using the term so we are on the same page.
Automated tests are tests designed to run as part of a continuous integration,
or CI, process.
Unit tests should be run every time a project is built by your CI server,
which should be happening with every commit to your central repository.
Integration tests can be run less frequently,
often nightly, as they typically take longer and may be more resource intensive.
Dependency has different meanings in software development,
or at least several different ramifications.
In Maven, for example, a dependency is a code library an application pulls in.
In this course, or at least this module,
I'll be talking about dependency as a resource a class utilizes. This can include another class, a web service, or a data store.